---
title: "Lion Heart 2025"
categories:
  - Blog
tags:
  - Race
  - Triathlon
  - Expression

gallery:
  - url: /assets/images/lion2025/
    image_path: /assets/images/lion2025/
    alt: ""
    title: ""
  - url: /assets/images/lion2025/
    image_path: /assets/images/lion2025/
    alt: ""
    title: ""
  - url: /assets/images/lion2025/
    image_path: /assets/images/lion2025/
    alt: ""
    title: ""
  - url: /assets/images/lion2025/
    image_path: /assets/images/lion2025/
    alt: ""
    title: ""
--- 


Training camp and Lion Heart 2025

## The ultimate vacation
Always stuck with those vacations where you go and don’t stop eating (or both eating and drinking), feeling in the moment that this is not a good rest — NOT this time.

Last-minute, not even planned (at least in my head), a training camp kicked in. The sweat, the tiredness, and after each activity 10 pages of the book were read and deep sleep mode was activated aka the perfect vacation/rest.

Last-minute and completely unplanned (at least in my head), a training camp kicked in. The sweat, the tiredness, and crashing into deep sleep after each activity — made it the perfect vacation and rest.

On the other side, it was engaging enough to not think about my work, side projects, and other nagging stuff.

So thank you, Viktor and Ivan — it was fun and, strangely enough, relaxing. Looking forward to the next camp!

## The only and the best - THE team
Viktor Tankov - the ultimate coach, 100% dedication, Chinese stool threat
Ivan - soulmate and friend in our grueling training's, AYRAN + Sponcer Competition enjoyer 🧋

Vladi - ultra competitions conquer a.k.a. the pork sticks destroyer and the transition master
Ivo - IM finisher, the relentless hunter trying to frag me (shallow waters are the most dangerous, my mom warned me)
Ilian - HYROX and trail running enthusiast, Decathlon nutrition guru
Estie - IM finisher, tough pancake-free athlete, 21k conqueror

Parents - top-tier support crew

Me - Nutrition and gel freak, lemur looks pre-swim and loris looks post-swim, over-hype expert

## The race
It started off disastrously — I got to the camp on time but didn’t have enough time to set up and load my GPS properly (which messed up my eating and hydration). I also got behind on the warm-up since shaking the supplements wasn’t as quick as I imagined 🥲

### The SWIM
Skipped the chaotic mass start, but immediately got caught in a backflow that dragged us out of the sea alongside the group… Next year, I’d rather take the slaps than wrestle with the water.

Noooobody knows exactly what happened in the water, but one thing’s for sure — it was not cool when I looked at my watch and realized I was at 47 minutes halfway through the second lap (2.1 km/3 km).

Getting out of the water wasn’t very pleasant either, but knowing the cycling leg was next helped me calm down a bit.

### The BIKE
The first 50 km were all about PUSH, PUSH, PUSH. Once the climbs started, I eased off slightly but still aimed to keep a high tempo.

After the third climb at 75 km, the pace dropped a bit, but I kept my cadence high to save some energy for the run. Once I finished the final climb, ‘Dushevatka,’ and hit the flat road, I completely drained myself over the next few kilometers.

Avarage bpm - 165.
{: .notice--info}

### The RUN
Focused on keeping a steady pace, I decided to start a bit slower, dominate all the descents, and power-hike the ascents, engaging different muscle groups uphill and downhill. I pushed to the max on the road descents while staying stable, but the real highlight came earlier — overtaking a competitor in my age group (not realizing he was in 3rd place) gave me a boost, especially after he had passed me on the bike during the third climb.

During the climb and descent on the road to the Hero Monument, after catching up with the two machines, Ivan and Ivo, I shifted into the next gear toward the Lion Head, keeping my pulse in the 160s. Once the descent began, it jumped to 170 bpm as I tried to maintain a high cadence with shorter steps.

Reaching the road, it was time to push to the limit — overtaking the two ultra competitors ahead and finishing with a final sprint.

Huge thanks to my parents for their next-level cheering, as always!

Video by Viktor with additional footage from the training camp and race is available here: https://www.facebook.com/share/v/162tN7Nca4/
{: .notice--info}

## Summary
Fantastic vacation packed with adrenaline and great moments with friends — already looking forward to the next one!

{% include gallery caption="Some memories from before, during, and after the race" %}
